Allow original-uri final state for POST operations and warn on missing GET (#4277)
Azure/typespec-azure: .chronus/changes/allow-original-uri-post-operations-2026-04-17-02-40-00.md

---
changeKind: feature
packages:
  - "@azure-tools/typespec-azure-core"
---

> Allow `original-uri` final state via for POST operations in addition to PUT and PATCH. When `@useFinalStateVia("original-uri")` is specified and there is no GET operation at the original URI, a `no-operation-at-original-uri` warning diagnostic is emitted and the final result is treated as `void`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow `@useFinalStateVia("original-uri")` for long-running POST operations, even when there is no GET operation modeled at the POST url.
```
